will you marry me okay yes all I feel
now is that I just want to thank the
people that have invested the time and
enjoyed watching the show because
without them I wouldn't have had this
opportunity to be able to do it for as
long as I have and our fans have been so
unbelievably dedicated they're so
invested in the show I'm so blown away
how you know important these characters
have become to people we're getting
married it's been incredibly gratifying
the family that we've all become over
these past seven years it's it's been a
joy to come into work every day makes
you look short almost had the reading of
the of the pilot script a simple case
with clean lines maybe something vintage
and off light what he said and then
obviously first day of shooting we all
just clicked well just click it just
worked as a woman on the show I already
have been a nostalgic and missed a lot
about this show because I've been away
from it for the last year but I really
miss the sense of camaraderie these
people have been like my family and it's
always been a great place to work you
know Rigsby and the men's list has a
very special place in my heart
Tim and I had a really really great kind
of fraternal relationship as as Rigsby
and Cho we called them our cheeks
bussines it has been very good working
with you Patrick you to do it I will
miss the honor and the privilege of
actually waking up every morning having
a job to go to
love and being allowed to drive on to
Warner Brothers lot and have a parking
space I miss that give you the ring and
we could elope
baby me no take-backs seven years is a
long time you know to be able to to be
lucky enough to work on something like
that you're a family and I will miss
this family for sure
it's been an awesome experience to learn
how to do you know a lot of office
jargon FBI jargon also just you know
working with these people that really
talented actors and I've learned a lot
from them and working with them it's
just been a really wonderful experience
to have consistency in your life just
elope like you said to a close I think
Rahman and I are the only ones are like
I'm happy that this show found an
audience a large audience around the
world and a very loyal audience it makes
me proud to be able to provide that
entertainment for them